Clarify weekly muting rules behavior (#5567)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/new-relic-alerts/alert-notifications/muting-rules-suppress-notifications.mdx

You can schedule your muting rules to recur daily, weekly, or monthly. A muting rule that's scheduled to repeat weekly includes the option to select the days of the week to recur. If no days are selected, the weekly recurrence will default to repeating on the day of the week that the muting rule is scheduled to start.

<Callout variant="important">

>   If a day of the week checkbox is selected along with a start and end date, the specified start and end dates will be overriden and the system will adjust the relative times to fit with the selected day of the week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Repeat* day of the week checkboxes override the *Starts* and *Ends* date fields. If you set a start date and also choose a day of the week, your muting rules will be applied on the first of those days after your start date  
```

I think this is a bit more clear, @HenryTech. What do you think?
